Update Contribution Docs, and Add Codespaces Docs (#1336)
demisto/content-docs: docs/concepts/getting-started-guide.md

title: Getting Started Guide
---

This guide will provide you with some pointers to jumpstart your development journey.  
After reading it, you’ll have a starting point for creating new content for the Cortex XSOAR platform.  

> If you have any questions or need support, feel free to reach out to us on the `#demisto-developers` channel on our [Slack DFIR Community](https://www.demisto.com/community/).  

Author: Not sure what happened there (why I replaced that), URL seem to redirect to the previous URL.
```suggestion
If you have any questions or need support, feel free to reach out to us on the `#demisto-developers` channel on our [Slack DFIR Community](https://start.paloaltonetworks.com/join-our-slack-community).  
```

### Technology Partners
If you are or want to become a Technology Partner, we also recommend you to:
1. Read the [Become a Technology Partner](../partners/become-a-tech-partner) article, and follow the steps mentioned there to become a partner.
2. Work with the Cortex XSOAR Alliances Team ([email](mailto:soar.alliances@paloaltonetworks.com)) to make sure your use cases have been validated.

## Development Environment
### demisto-sdk
Whether you are using the XSOAR IDE or a full development environment, we have an official SDK that can help you with your development process.  
It can be used to upload, download and run code on XSOAR directly from your operating system shell.  
For more information, refer to the [demisto-sdk](../concepts/demisto-sdk) article.

### Basic XSOAR Environment
For creating / modifying content that's for personal use, or for a community contribution,
the basic [XSOAR IDE](../concepts/xsoar-ide) can be sufficient, and doesn't require setting up a special development environment.

### Full Development Environment

> When making a large amount of changes, or developing new content, we recommend using a fully-fledged IDE like *Visual Studio Code* or *PyCharm* .  

Author: This is a recommendation for an IDE (which is recommended in contrast to the built-in XSOAR editor.  
If they choose to use PyCharm as an IDE, they won't be able to utilize our plugin, which is currently only available on VSCode (there is one for PyCharm, it's just old and unmaintained).

The plugin helps automate some of the work when developing XSOAR content, but it's not required.

1. Understand the [Cortex XSOAR Concepts](../concepts/concepts).
2. Read the [FAQ](../concepts/faq).
3. Register to the [Learning Center](http://education.paloaltonetworks.com/learningcenter), and go through the [Product Training section of "Become an XSOAR Partner"](../partners/become-a-tech-partner#3-take-required-training).
4. For Cortex XSOAR server (non-content) documentations, refer to the [Cortex XSOAR Product Documentation Page](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xsoar.html).
5. Join the [Palo Alto Networks DFIR Slack community](https://start.paloaltonetworks.com/join-our-slack-community), and join the *#demisto-developers* channel.
6. If you consider publishing your content to the [Cortex XSOAR Marketplace](https://cortex.marketplace.pan.dev/marketplace), read the [contribution article](../contributing/contributing) for additional info.
7. Obtain and install a copy of Cortex XSOAR.  
    If you are not a partner, you can obtain the Community Edition from [here](https://start.paloaltonetworks.com/sign-up-for-demisto-free-edition) for free.  

>     Installation instructions are available [here](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xsoar/6-0/cortex-xsoar-admin/installation.html).

Author: ```suggestion
    Installation instructions are available [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/6.11/Cortex-XSOAR-Installation-Guide/Overview).
```
